V6 rdm (#3)
carallon/pharos-controller-api: sphinx-src/web-api/rdm.rst

RDM Discovery
#############

> Discover RDM fixtures and get cached device info from discovered fixtures.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Discover RDM fixtures and get cached device info for discovered fixtures.
```

HTTP
****

> .. _discover-http-get:

Reviewer: This is global, so should be e.g. rdm-discover-http-get

GET
===

> ``GET /api/rdm/discovery``

Reviewer: Needs a query param to specify the universe. Adam to update yaml.

> Returns a JSON object with the following attributes:

Reviewer: Returns an array - please see Crestron docs as shared.

.. list-table::
   :widths: 5 3 8 4
   :header-rows: 1

   * - Attribute
     - Value Type
     - Description
     - Value Example
   * - ``uid``
     - string

>      - manuId:deviceId[:subId] (Hex, 4byte:8byte[:decimal integer)

Reviewer: This could use a bit more description. You could use a snippet/reference this definition elsewhere.

     - ``"072c:0004fe02"``
   * - ``rdm_protocol_version``
     - integer

>      - range of 0-65535

Reviewer: Descriptions are sentences - please start with a capital letter.

     - ``123``
   * - ``device_model_id``
     - integer
     - range of 0-65535
     - ``123``
   * - ``product_category``
     - integer
     - range of 0-65535
     - ``123``
   * - ``software_version_id``
     - integer
     - a 32bit number
     - ``12345678``
   * - ``dmx512_footprint``
     - integer
     - range of 0-512
     - ``3``
   * - ``dmx512_personality``
     - integer
     - range of 0-65535
     - ``2``
   * - ``dmx512_start_address``
     - integer
     - range of 1-512
     - ``4``
   * - ``sub_device_count``
     - integer
     - range of 0-65535
     - ``12``
   * - ``sensor_count``
     - integer
     - range of 0-255
     - ``0``

> .. _discover-http-post:

Reviewer: rdm-discover-http-post

POST
====

``POST /api/rdm/discovery``

> Triggers an RDM poll of the defined universe

Reviewer: New line before this line for consistency

> .. list-table::

Reviewer: What's this table showing? Needs an into.

   :widths: 3 3 10 5
   :header-rows: 1

   * - Properties
     - Value Type
     - Description
     - Value Example
   * - ``universe``
     - string
     - See `universe-key-string-format`_ below.
     - ``"dmx:1"``

JavaScript
**********

start_rdm_discovery
===================

> ``start_rdm_discovery(params, callback)``

Reviewer: New line before this one please.

Discover RDM fixtures and get cached device info from discovered fixtures.

``params`` is expected to be an object with the following attributes:

.. list-table::
   :widths: 3 3 10 5
   :header-rows: 1

   * - Properties
     - Value Type
     - Description
     - Value Example
   * - ``universe``
     - string
     - See `universe-key-string-format`_ below.
     - ``"dmx:1"``

RDM PID Information
###################

> .. _pid-http-get:

Reviewer: rdm-http-get-pid

POST
====

``POST /api/rdm/get``

> Queues an RDM poll that will return PID information. This is available by subscribing to the relevant websocket. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion

Queues an RDM GET command that will return parameter information. This is available by subscribing to the relevant websocket. 
```

.. list-table::
   :widths: 3 3 10 5
   :header-rows: 1

   * - Properties
     - Value Type
     - Description
     - Value Example
   * - ``universe``
     - string
     - See `Universe Key String Format`_
     - ``"dmx:1"``
   * - ``destination_uid``
     - string
     - manuId:deviceId[:subId] (Hex, 4byte:8byte[:decimal integer)
     - ``"072c:0004fe02"``
   * - ``pid`` 
     - string
     - This will request the value for the given PID. See `pid-enums`_ below.
     - ``COMMS_STATUS``
   * - ``meta``
     - object
     - Optional metadata for the PID, i.e. query params.

>      - **TODO**

Reviewer: As I commented on the pid-enums file, I think you need a full table of PIDs with the optional meta data.

> .. _pid-http-set:

Reviewer: rdm-http-set-pid

``POST /api/rdm/set``

> Queues an RDM command that will alter specific PID information. This is available by subscribing to the relevant websocket. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion

Queues an RDM command that will modify specific device configuration. The response can be received by subscribing to the relevant websocket. 
```

.. list-table::
   :widths: 3 3 10 5
   :header-rows: 1

   * - Properties
     - Value Type
     - Description
     - Value Example
   * - ``universe``
     - string
     - See `Universe Key String Format`_
     - ``"dmx:1"``
   * - ``destination_uid``
     - string
     - manuId:deviceId[:subId] (Hex, 4byte:8byte[:decimal integer)
     - ``"072c:0004fe02"``
   * - ``pid`` 
     - string
     - This will be the PID we intend to change. See `pid-enums`_ below.
     - ``COMMS_STATUS``
   * - ``meta``
     - object
     - Optional metadata for the PID, i.e. query params.

>      - **TODO**

Reviewer: Same comment as for GET - you need a table to show all meta data with the PIDs

**TODO** HOW IS THE PID INFO SET?

JavaScript
**********

start_rdm_get
=============

> ``start_rdm_get(params, callback)``

Reviewer: New line please

> Returns chosen PID information from the selected fixture.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Returns requested parameter information from the specified fixture.
```

``params`` is expected to be an object with the following attributes:

.. list-table::
   :widths: 3 3 10 5
   :header-rows: 1

   * - Properties
     - Value Type
     - Description
     - Value Example
   * - ``universe``
     - string
     - See `Universe Key String Format`_
     - ``"dmx:1"``
   * - ``destination_uid``
     - string
     - manuId:deviceId[:subId] (Hex, 4byte:8byte[:decimal integer)
     - ``"072c:0004fe02"``
   * - ``pid`` 
     - string
     - This will request the value for the given PID. See `pid-enums`_ below.
     - ``COMMS_STATUS``
   * - ``meta``
     - object
     - Optional metadata for the PID, i.e. query params.

>      - **TODO**

Reviewer: Same here - full table needed

start_rdm_set
=============

> ``start_rdm_set(params, callback)``

Reviewer: New line

Sets PID value for the selected fixture.

``params`` is expected to be an object with the following attributes:

.. list-table::
   :widths: 3 3 10 5
   :header-rows: 1

   * - Properties
     - Value Type
     - Description
     - Value Example
   * - ``universe``
     - string
     - See `Universe Key String Format`_
     - ``"dmx:1"``
   * - ``destination_uid``
     - string
     - manuId:deviceId[:subId] (Hex, 4byte:8byte[:decimal integer)
     - ``"072c:0004fe02"``
   * - ``pid`` 
     - string
     - This will request the value for the given PID. See `pid-enums`_ below.
     - ``COMMS_STATUS``
   * - ``meta``
     - object
     - Optional metadata for the PID, i.e. query params.

>      - **TODO**

Reviewer: Full table

**TODO** DO WE NEED TO GIVE EXAMPLES OF WHAT TO USE FOR CALLBACK?

Universe Key String Format
**************************

> .. _universe-key-string-format:

Reviewer: Goes above the heading

.. include:: ../snippets/universe-key-string-format.rst

PID Enums
*********

> .. _pid-enums:

Reviewer: Above the heading, and use new lines
